ISBN not used for book id becaue some books have 2 isbn. 
All instructor details are mandatory as it is necessary for an organisation to have all their employee details.
Component has a price, COmponent supplied has a separate price and order has a separate price because there may be discounts for each product at some point of time
and the vendor may also issue an overall discount if possible. 
A course can have both theory as well as project component.
The project class is similar to a coding class ,where students work on project and in addition an instructor teaches the students how to use micro-controller.
Every class is either a coding or a project class only.
Instructor can teach more than 1 micro-controller
Instructor teaches atleast 1 class as no research option is available.
A Project can  more than 1 micro-controller.
Salary is a derived attribute from hours of classes taught and project overseen. It is because for convenience as well as to include tax decuctions and bonuses
An order must contain atleast 1 kind of item.
Book should have atleast 1 author
A subject need not necessarily have any textbook
An instructor need not necessarily assign any textbook to any course.
A subject need not ben ecessarily offered during the summer.
A room need note be alloted to any class
a PROJECT MUST REQUIRE ATLEAST 1 COMPONENT
A student need not necessarily give a rating to instructor,course or project as the semester might not be yet over.
An instructor can teach boh theory and project component for a course
Books in library are classified according to book id,where all books of same name have same id.Having different copies does not matter.
A room may-may not be alloted to one or more classes. But a class must be alloted atleast 1 room
A sudent should be scheduled atleast 1 class for him/her to qualify as a student.
A project should have atleast 1 component, but any component that the institution buys need not be in a project.
It is possible for a student to be enrolled in more than 1 course
A project need not have any member as it is possible that none might be interested in taking up that project.However a student can be a part of more than 1 project if he takes more than 1 course that has a project component
A student may be project leader for more than 1 project with the assumption that the projects are for different course
A student can take only 1 proj within 1 course.
Attendance in SCHEDULE table is a percentage value.
A particular order should be only from 1 vendor.
A student may borrow only 1 copy of a book at a time.
The attribute lines of code in CODING CLASS denotes number of lines taught for that particular coding language
The attribute NUMBER OF PINS USED denotes now many pins are being used for the micro controller.
Both the CODING CLASS and NUMBER OF PINS are used to denote the amount of content covered by each instructor for that subject.
Availability in library class denotes if the book is in stock at the library.
Project scope,outcome and methodology is not mandatory as they may change during the course of time and can be undecided.
